[cheers and applause]
Coming up on "Dance Moms Reunion"
live performances--
Yes!
JEFF COLLINS (VOICEOVER):
--moms are gonna hash it out--
Christi, you're not the victim.
You're the one who had
the bruise from punching me.
You still think I'm 12. I'm 42.
I'm paying you for a service.
KRISTIE: Asia's won--
- She did.
KRISTIE: --seven times for
Abby, so get that straight
before you talk.
- Woo!
JEFF COLLINS (VOICEOVER):
And Abby has a big surprise.
You owe an apology
to that child, okay?
- 'Cause if you want to call it--
ABBY: Okay. Get off stage.
JEFF: No, no, no.
- Now wait a minute.
- She can sit there--
KELLY: --and say I should
be committed as a wacko--
Thank you, 'cause
I'm going to dinner.
[theme music]
THEME SONG: Get up.
Get on the floor.
My world is with my girls,
living on the dance floor.
[cheers and applause]
Welcome to season 3's
"Dance Moms Reunion Show."
We like to call this
one "Hurricane Abby."
[applause]
I'm the executive producer of
"Dance Moms," Jeff Collins.
And we've got the eye of the
storm herself right here--
Miss Abby Lee Miller,
star of our show.
- Hello.
JEFF: How are you?
I'm good, thank you.
JEFF: Well, as we've
all seen, this season
ended with a category 3 storm
that left viewers wondering
which moms will survive and
which ones are gonna be washed
ashore, never to be
heard from again.
Plus, we're gonna show you some shocking
footage that has never aired.
So let's dive right
in and take a look
at this clip that sets the stage for what
really happened in New Orleans.
[music playing]
Better grab Christi.
She's going nuts.
CHRISTI: Sorry.
I'm a real Dance Mom,
and I will stand here.
Why are you yelling at us?
- I'm not.
- You're doing it.
- I'm talking to my friend.
- And you're yelling at her.
- Hush!
- You had too much to drink.
Oh, whatever.
- You've gotta settle it down. Bitch!
- [gasp]
[music playing]
- Stop, stop. Stop!
- [bleep]
- Bitch! [bleep] kick your ass.
- Stop.
- Stop, stop.
CHRISTI: Ow!
I'm sorry.
Just get--
MAN: Don't hit me.
- Oh, [bleep] you.
MAN: Leslie!
You bitch.
Well, as you can see,
accusations and hurricanes,
as in those big giant ones
that people drink, flew.
You weren't there.
You didn't see it.
You saw it just now.
What's your reaction?
Those two adults, who
should be grateful to me,
first and foremost, have not
only tarnished my reputation,
but they have succeeded in
destroying something
that it took me 30 years to build.
They are representing me.
They acted like trash in the
middle of Bourbon Street,
and that's exactly
what they are.
All right. So Abby, let's bring
out Leslie and Christi
and hear their
side of the story.
Aren't you excited
to hear this tale?
No.
[laughter]
All right, so listen.
We had to separate them.
Leslie is the only mom
not in the green room.
Here seeing each other
for the very first time,
please welcome
Christi and Leslie.
[cheers and applause]
Come on out.
CHRISTI: Hello, Jeff.
JEFF: Hello, ladies.
- Hi, Abby.
- How are you?
Have a seat.
Have a seat, Leslie.
- Hi, Jeff.
Hi, Abby.
- It's good to see you.
All right. So, Leslie and Christi,
we really want
to hear your side of the
story about what happened.
Tell us what went wrong.
CHRISTI: You know,
I don't really know.
We were having fun
and it just got ugly.
And I said the next day when
we came back to the studio,
I shouldn't have done that.
I said, I wish it hadn't
gotten to that point.
And I felt bad about it.
It was an ugly thing.
I was wrong at the beginning.
I know I was.
And the police came.
And they wanted me
to do certain things.
And I said, you know what?
This isn't what I want
to do, and I went home.
And I'm willing to take the
ownership that I behaved
incorrectly, you know.
But that's just me.
So, Leslie, what do you think?
What's your side of the story?
Well, you're very predictable.
You just sat there and told
that whole story to Jeff
and you'd never even
looked my way to apologize.
CHRISTI: I did look at you.
You weren't looking at me.
You were looking down.
- You're always the victim.
CHRISTI: No, I didn't--
I just took
responsibility, Leslie.
But I need to
tell you my side of it.
So can you give me a
minute and let me speak?
Yeah. Nobody ever stops
you from speaking.
I walked away
from you many of times
and tried to get
out of your path.
And out of nowhere,
you just go into this craze,
and you did this.
So this has to come deeper
within than just me saying,
why are you yelling at us?
We didn't do anything wrong.
- No--
LESLIE: It has to go a lot
deeper than that, Christi.
Okay, but let's make
something very clear, Leslie.
You have been involved in assaults
in the past, where I have not.
LESLIE: You're gonna keep
bringing that up when I--
CHRISTI: I am.
LESLIE: There you go again.
You're the victim and
we're all ganging up on you.
CHRISTI: I know.
- Christi, you're not the victim.
- Neither are you, Leslie.
Because you're the one who had
the bruise from punching me.
What were you thinking
right before you assaulted me?
CHRISTI: I was talking to my friend.
- What was going through your head?
CHRISTI: I did not assault you.
I threw a drink.
LESLIE: Well, if you look at the law--
- I hit the bottom of your cup.
--throwing
alcohol in somebody's eyes
is just like punching
them with your fist.
CHRISTI: Okay.
- It's that much of a--
All right.
LESLIE: Okay.
I didn't realize
that you were a judge.
I had no idea.
- I'm not a judge.
I'm a dance mom.
CHRISTI: Okay.
Can you please--
let's just put it all out
on this table right
here in front of you.
What-- why am I a threat to you?
- You're not a threat to me.
That's not it.
LESLIE: I'm not a threat to you.
My daughter's not a
threat to your daughter.
You're not.
I've been on this
Earth longer than you,
and I've been fighting
for my two girls
to get into this industry
a lot longer than you have.
- Okay.
LESLIE: Don't forget that.
And I--
- Who cares?
LESLIE: And guess what?
The a difference between you and I
is, I don't step on people's
backs, I don't burn my bridges,
and I don't ever treat people
the wrong way, like you do.
Okay.
JEFF: What do you have
to say about this, Abby?
Well, the Abby
Lee Dance Company
has a contract for
situations like this.
However, I decided that I
had to put my foot down--
that I could no longer
look the other way
for the sake of the win.
That going to Nationals
with a number--
that didn't matter as much as
my contract and my reputation
and putting my foot
down for the future.
You know, when people go and
they represent the Abby Lee
Dance Company, you're not
representing you and her.
They are representing everybody
that came before them.
So I looked at the dance,
I looked at the kids, and I said,
you know what?
They have to go.
Immediately, Leslie
was remorseful.
She was humbled by the
situation that she took part in.
She apologized.
She apologized to
me and to the group.
And Christi has yet to apologize
to me or to the dance company.
And frankly, you owe
an apology to Chloe.
CHRISTI: Just so I can
state for the record--
ABBY: You owe an
apology to that child.
CHRISTI: You haven't--
you owe her apology,
because she had
nothing to do with it.
JEFF: Listen, the New Orleans
Police Department was called
and some ladies were
sent home packing.
So here's what happened next,
including some footage you've
never seen before today.
So let's take a look at this.
- What am I?
- You're a bitch.
CHRISTI: I'm a mother who's
trying to protect her daughter.
What are you?
LESLIE: Look at you.
Look what you're doing.
CHRISTI: Okay.
You know what?
I am calling the police--
LESLIE: You'd better go home.
- --because she hit me.
- You'd better go home!
CHRISTI: Oh, I'm calling
the police, baby--
You'd better go home--
better go home.
CHRISTI: --because you hit me.
I'm just warning you,
you'd better go home.
CHRISTI: Oh, I'm
calling the cops.
Calling the cops, Leslie.
They'd better
pull me off of you.
You're acting like
a [bleep] out here.
Yes, I'd like to report an
assault in Jackson Square.
Another adult struck me and
I'd like to report an assault.
Can I have a cop here please?
All right. So looking back on that,
do you think calling the police
was a little bit too far?
Yeah, of course. I mean, and that's why
I didn't go through.
Like, I walked, I talked to them.
I didn't do anything.
And you can believe
what you want,
but Kelly was in there with me.
And I explained the
entire situation to them.
You called the police. They probably
laughed at you and said--
CHRISTI: Uh, no.
Actually--
--why are you calling us when
you assaulted this woman first?
No. The police actually wanted me
to take a restraining order out on you--
LESLIE: They probably laughed.
They wanted to?
CHRISTI: --because you
threatened to kill me.
LESLIE: You know what?
The truth is, you were wrong.
- I said I was wrong.
- You were wrong to call the police.
And you know what?
Except you won't take any
ownership for your behavior.
Leslie, let me
ask you a question.
What's been the
toughest part for you
of dealing with the Dance Moms?
Like especially Christi.
The toughest part is
that a group of them
can still stick together
and back each other up
when it's just not the right thing.
I am not out to get anybody or
hate anybody or treat anybody
different, just because
their child is good,
or get some opportunity.
Because that's why
we're all there.
We wouldn't all be there
if that wasn't the case.
And you're not
gonna run me out--
I don't want to run you out.
LESLIE: --just like you
ran every other mother--
I don't care
that you're there.
LESLIE: --who has
brought their child
there for the same
opportunities that you have.
You've run everybody
out, including myself.
CHRISTI: No, I haven't.
Christi, what's your
biggest issue with Leslie?
What is your biggest
overall issue with her?
CHRISTI: You know what?
My biggest issue with
Leslie is just the fact--
like, she's very aggressive.
Everything is very in your face.
And like, nobody gets to
have an opinion- two cents.
They never get to say anything.
She's right and she just keeps
at you and at you and at you.
And like, it's frustrating.
It's frustrating.
You get all of the
other moms out here
and every single one
of them will tell you
the exact same thing.
- [sighs]
JEFF: Let's switch gears
here for a little bit.
We have a dance that is
the perfect follow up
to this conversation.
From two moms battling
it out to two dancers,
please welcome Asia and
Mackenzie in a duet called
"We Hit Harder."
[cheers and applause]
[MUSIC - JOY CHARITY ENRIQUEZ,
"WE HIT HARDER"]
(SINGING) Go ahead
and take 'em down.
We're going to spin their
heads round, round, round.
We're gonna chew 'em up
and spit 'em out, y'all.
We're gonna show them what
this team is all about.
We're gonna sock it to
'em in the worst way.
We came to steal your
fame and take your name.
Y'all hit hard.
We hit harder-- harder.
Y'all hit hard we
hit harder-- harder.
Y'all hit hard.
We hit harder-- harder.
You take the left.
You take the right.
You take the middle.
I got the back.
I said you take the left.
You take the right.
You take the middle.
I got the back.
Now on the count
of three, go 'head.
Attack the enemies.
On the count of three, go 'head.
One, two, three, front!
Break!
[cheers and applause]
JEFF: All right. Well, she's got a lot
of 'splaining to do,
so let's get her out here and
hear her side of the story.
Please welcome Kristie Ray.
[cheers and applause]
[music playing]
So listen, a lot of
alliances are always
shifting with this company.
And in New Orleans with the
whole Christi and Leslie
incident, you took sides.
- Correct.
JEFF: Why?
KRISTIE: When you
go into a studio,
after I saw what I saw,
and I see Christi there
and no Leslie, I have
a problem with that.
There's two people involved.
Two people should be gone.
When I'm sticking up for
Leslie because she's not there,
all the mothers had
a different story.
CHRISTI: That's not my fault
that I was sitting there
and the other mothers
had a different opinion.
That's my point.
CHRISTI: But then--
You should have said
right at that point--
- They're afraid to stand up against you.
CHRISTI: No, no.
KRISTIE: You know, when we're
out and you're not around,
they say you bully them.
ABBY: We're looking at
the Tin Man right here.
CHRISTI: You have no idea, Abby.
I'm not one--
ABBY: It's cold. It's calculated.
It's manipulative.
CHRISTI: Well, you know it's
really funny is, she talks
about me having no heart, when it's her
who's made it a mission to destroy
a 12-year-old on television.
- It's not a mission.
CHRISTI: Oh.
You've destroyed
your own 12-year-old.
[crowd exclaims]
CHRISTI: I just don't
put up with your garbage.
And so therefore, in your opinion,
I don't have a heart.
JEFF: All right. well, listen.
Let's watch a clip that may give
us some better understanding
to Kristie Ray's motives.
[music playing]
KRISTIE: Let's not
count it, coat it,
and let's tell what
really happened--
that this is [bleep].
You know it is, okay?
And Leslie's not here
to defend herself.
CHRISTI: This has
nothing to do with you.
KRISTIE: No, but I'm
pissed off when people
try to tell a different story when
someone's not here to defend themselves.
And this story right here
is not how it happened.
You got in her face first.
You can say all you
want with words.
But when you directly start it,
you'd better be able to
back up your [bleep]
She called me a drunk!
Control yourself.
CHRISTI: All right.
Well, you--
KRISTIE: Control yourself.
- You have spoken.
KRISTIE: You know what?
I'm not playing this stupid
game that you guys like
to play with the manipulation.
You need to settle
yourself down.
KRISTIE: No, I don't,
because I hate [bleep] liars.
MELISSA: We don't like to curse.
- Really?
You guys all do
except Holly, so don't
start acting like you're on this
high roll that you don't curse.
JILL: No, we really don't.
She's a liar, and you guys
are all backing up the lie.
So, Leslie, when you
see that-- you know,
Kristie Ray standing up for
you-- what do you think?
I appreciate her.
I appreciate that you
were there to defend me.
I wasn't there to
be able to do it,
and someone got
my side out there.
And you know what?
Even though that happened,
you still never reached out
to apologize to me. So it just shows what
kind of person you really are.
And Leslie, it goes both ways.
I do not owe you an apology.
Okay.
JEFF: So with
moods and alliances
changing at a moment's notice,
I guess
we'll have to wait till the next season
to see who will
and who will not still
be a part of this group.
Needless to say,
the Twitter verse and the blogs
were ablaze whenever Abby
and Kelly were at odds.
- Good luck, babe.
- [exhales] Thanks. I need it.
JEFF: Let's get her out here
and hear her side of the story.
It's the mom Abby has
known the longest.
Please welcome
Kelly to the stage.
[cheers and applause]
So Kelly, you've been more defiant
than we've ever seen you before.
You seem to be more than willing
to be combative with Abby--
to confront Abby.
What's going on with this
new-found confidence?
KELLY: I've made up my mind.
I'm not putting up with what
I've been putting up with.
I don't want to fight with Abby.
If my kids have
something that they
need to do to get ahead in this
business, they're gonna do it.
JEFF: Give me an
example of that.
Are there things in particular
that you're pursuing
that she's not happy about?
KELLY: I have Brooke
doing a music career.
I want Paige to do modeling.
I'm focusing on my children.
And you know, sometimes my kids
have to miss dance class to go
and do these other things.
And if that's what
it takes, then that's
what I'm going to do.
I think Kelly is
sounding a little naive.
I just want my kids to be the
very best that they can be.
I don't want a one-hit wonder.
Brooke was an amazing
dancer and still could be.
So what I'm saying is,
don't let this be it.
Let this be just the beginning.
[applause]
JEFF: So Kelly caused an uproar
when she made a very critical
decision, quitting the recital.
Let's take a look
at Kelly in action.
Or--
KELLY: I love how
you volunteered her.
But you notice whenever you asked people,
nobody volunteered.
Or she did not volunteer.
You volunteered her.
When any one of these kids
were asked to do a new solo,
none of them chose to.
That's all I have to say.
Right, they didn't.
So let's do it again.
I'm gonna ask again,
and then you say, me.
I'll do "Survivor."
Would anyone like to take
the place and do a solo?
Anybody?
Maddie, what?
KELLY: Never in 40 years of
being in the Abby Lee Dance
Company has anyone been given
a solo the day of the [bleep]
recital, ever.
ABBY: You're out.
You're out.
KELLY: Go on.
Call the police.
Get her out of here.
KELLY: I'm done.
ABBY: Get her out of here.
Please, take me. Let's go.
ABBY: Get her out of this auditorium.
- Let's go. Let's go.
ABBY: You're finished.
You're out.
KELLY: Thank you.
- Goodbye.
Every single dance
concert, you leave.
You're the one that always says that Paige
is always the weak link.
Why would you give the weak link
in the group the new solo
the day of the recital?
Why wouldn't you give
it to your star pupil?
Because the new solo was
gonna make Paige look great.
- Okay.
ABBY: It was adorable.
Okay, Abby.
ABBY: When I think of '40s
pinup girl, I think of Paige.
KELLY: Okay.
JEFF: All right.
Well, listen. Let's switch gears
just a little bit.
This season, Kelly stood her ground
with Abby more than ever before--
sometimes to the extreme.
Here's a scene that will
help us understand this very
complicated relationship.
KELLY: I'm supposed to sit here.
You are no longer a member
of the Abby Lee Dance Company.
I'm not moving.
Go around.
KELLY: I could
stand here all day.
ABBY: I'm sitting there having
this confrontation with Kelly,
trying to ignore her.
And now this nincompoop is holding up
the entire competition.
She has the social graces
of an ant at a picnic.
You really want me to
climb over a seat in a dress?
I pay her for her service, and she doesn't
know this dance competition.
If I want to go there and
I want to support my team,
then I'm going.
I'm done taking her [bleep].
Right.
There's 1,000 seats in here.
Put your butt in one.
Not this one.
Let's go.
The producers tell me that
you stood there for 30 minutes.
- I did. Yep.
JEFF: It was like a standoff.
I'm just sitting there
and the entire judging panel
has turned to look
at me, including
the people in the wings are
now looking at me on stage.
We're in Orlando, Florida--
KELLY: Wondering why you wouldn't stand up
and let the person in.
That's what you do
in an auditorium.
You stand up--
- No, you arrive on time--
KELLY: --and let the other
person walk in and sit down.
And if you are
late upon arrival--
KELLY: No, you walk in--
--you are seated when
there's an intermission.
KELLY: --after the music
stops and in between dances.
That's when you go in and sit
down, and that is what I did.
And who taught you
that, sweetheart?
You.
ABBY: Right.
So I walked in when
I was supposed to.
There's 1,000 seats
in the auditorium.
KELLY: Theater etiquette--
you still think I'm 12.
I'm 42.
I'm paying you for a service.
I'm not your dance
student any longer.
You are not
paying me on Sunday
to be in a dance competition,
or on a Saturday.
KELLY: Okay.
Well, you don't own the thing.
I was there for my children--
- No.
- Right.
- --and my teammates.
So stick your butt in a
seat and shut your mouth.
[cheers and applause]
All right.
We're gonna switch gears again.
It's time for some more fun
with another performance.
This one has Maddie,
Chloe, Brooke, Paige, Nia,
and Kendall, with a number
called "Gone Too Soon."
[MUSIC - APRIL HIGUERA,
"ECHOES"]
(SINGING) I hear
echoes inside myself.
They're banging the
walls for help--
some kind of malady I can't
spell eating at my heart,
choking on the darkness
outside myself.
Can I embrace the moment?
I can't take another wasted day.
I know that I'm so close,
'cause I can taste it.
I'm dazed-- unbroken.
I can fly with anyone.
Oh, I won't waste time.
I won't break.
I hear echoes inside myself.
They're banging the
walls for help--
some kind of malady I can't
spell eating at my heart,
choking on the darkness
outside myself,
banging the walls to tell me
that I'm not an empty shell.
It comes from inside of me.
My reality is
nothing I can't be.
Echoes inside myself-- yeah,
they're banging the walls
to tell me that I
don't need no help,
'cause I can be all that
I dream inside myself.
So I won't wait.
[cheers and applause]
All right.
Great job, girls.
So, Kelly, everybody is
curious about your return
to the Abby Lee Studio.
According to Abby herself,
you snuck back in.
Let's take a closer look and
see what really happened.
[phone rings]
- Who are you calling?
- I'm calling Kelly.
- Why?
- Because.
I don't owe you an explanation.
I know you don't,
but I think it's rude.
CHRISTI: Kelly?
- Hi.
- Hi, Kel.
CHRISTI: I'm just calling to let
you know that Abby's not here.
I don't know where she is.
But anyhow, the girls are
learning a group dance.
And since you kind of made
your statement that you're back
on the team, I don't know
if you have plans for your girls
to dance this week.
But if you do or if you want
them to learn the dance,
I would suggest that you get here.
CHRISTI: All right.
I'll talk to you later.
Kelly can come back right now,
because Abby's not here.
So she's not facing that
big fight at the front door,
and her girls can come and dance,
which is all Kelly really wanted
in the first place.
KELLY: I always come back to the studio,
because my girls miss their family.
They have been together since
they were three years old.
And as much as Abby doesn't like it,
we are part of this team.
Excuse me.
My kids are here to learn the group dance.
So Kelly, why did you
come back to the studio?
Because I'm part of the team.
And every single one of the moms
and the kids want my kids here.
JEFF: So Leslie, I'm told
that you may not agree
with this version of the story.
Do you think she came
back at the right time?
No. I think it was wrong
for her to show up then.
Why?
LESLIE: Because it was
uncomfortable for Payton and I.
We came in to fill in
for you and your child.
KELLY: And did I tell
Payton and you to leave?
LESLIE: But it still
makes her uncomfortable
because she's
there to take Brooke's spot.
I'm a part of the team.
How many times do you
think it takes for you
not to be able to come back?
Do we want to bring up why I leave?
ABBY: You are solely responsible.
That's why I leave.
ABBY: It is your behavior.
Because I take responsibility.
You are responsible for
their decline in their dancing.
Every time they miss, you're--
And that's why I leave,
because you treat them the way
you do, so I pull them out.
Let's switch gears for just a second--
- Wacko.
- --and lighten the--
KELLY: Did you just say I
should be committed as a wacko?
No.
I said if you want to get
off the show, you can.
JEFF: No, no, no.
- Because if you want to call me--
- Now wait a minute. She can sit there--
Thank you, 'cause I'm going to dinner.
KELLY: --and say I should
be committed as a wacko--
- And it's OK?
- No, I did not say that.
I said if you want to get off you can.
KELLY: OK.
Well, I'm not a wacko.
JEFF: All right.
- Your eyes say something different.
OK.
- Good.
- Abby, hold on.
- Party's over.
JEFF: Where are you going?
What's that about?
Every time I say something
to Abby about the way
she treats my kids, she runs.
JEFF: Well, Hurricane Abby just left.
CHRISTI: Blew out of town.
JEFF: All right.
Well, certainly, we can't go
any further without bringing out
the other moms, as they're certain to have
an opinion on this subject
and all subjects.
So Melissa, Jill, and
Holly, please come on out.
[cheers and applause]
- Hi, ladies.
- Hi.
- Hello.
- Va-va-voom.
- She wore white.
- There is the team.
JEFF: Welcome, ladies. All right,
so I wanna know. Let's get right to it.
What do you have to say
about Abby's disappearance?
The only thing we asked
is that she had the courtesy
to give us a call--
JEFF: Right.
--to notify us. That was the only thing.
That's just what I'm--
- So she didn't.
JILL: Nope. We didn't--
- She didn't tell you.
- She disappeared.
She just left us high and dry.
How do we feel about this?
Like, she didn't show up for
two competitions and she just--
That's just what happens with Kelly.
JEFF: She walked out.
- She just had a little temper tantrum.
I take a little bit different
take on all this, though.
You women talk about her.
Your analogies about her--
Have you heard the things
that she says about us?
LESLIE: You tell-- you constantly
don't want her near your kids.
Whether Abby wasn't by
her mother's bedside--
CHRISTI: We never said that.
MELISSA: But you weren't there.
- Because you were not there.
- No, no, no.
LESLIE: You are all hypocrites.
- Gia had not--
One minute, you don't want
Abby near your children.
And the next minute you will
find every little detail
and complain about why she's not there.
JILL: We're not complaining about--
- That's all you did.
- All right. hold on. Hold on.
All we wanted was a phone call
where she was. That's it.
JEFF: So Abby didn't show up
to two competitions in a row. Why?
Let's watch a clip which may
enlighten us all about what happened.
CHRISTI: Does anybody
follow Abby on Instagram?
Abby just put a picture of
herself up on Instagram.
HOLLY: Oh, that's really recent.
CHRISTI: Abby's all about making money.
If some competition dangles
cash in front of her
to go judge a competition,
she'll be there.
- Maybe she's at a meet and greet.
- True.
She was out of competition
for three hours, so she is very--
JILL: But she didn't to tell us that.
JEFF: All right. So Christi,
now, we understand that you all
had a pact regarding
Abby's competition show--
CHRISTI: Yes.
- --which is airing now.
So tell us about it.
So we said as a group we were going to
not send our children if asked.
And Melissa sent Maddie.
JEFF: So how did you feel?
Did you feel betrayed by
Melissa that she broke the pact?
CHRISTI: Absolutely.
Why does there have to be a pact?
MELISSA: Well, there isn't anymore.
I mean--
LESLIE: Why did there have to
be a pact that you asked for?
Don't talk about something
you don't know about.
- We all follow your rules.
- That's foolish.
Because if there's
an opportunity for each one of you girls,
Melissa is the smart one.
LESLIE: Yes, you are.
I am gonna take an opportunity.
KRISTIE: Because the children--
LESLIE: Hats off to you.
The children come first,
other than a friend.
LESLIE: You're the smart one.
HOLLY: The only issue we had with Melissa,
to be honest with you,
was if she was inclined to do it,
she should have just been upfront.
That's it.
All right. Well, let's watch this clip
to see how the moms really
felt about Melissa's decision.
You know what I think is
really sad is that
you point blank said to all of us
that when the children were invited,
that you were not gonna to send Maddie.
But then you screwed the group.
When we made an agreement
about what we were gonna do
with the girls, we all stood by that,
and you didn't.
KELLY: Melissa, if I would have
disobeyed the group
and went and had Brooke do it--
HOLLY: Brooke would be
in much better standing.
Brooke wouldn't have been
at the bottom of the pyramid
this week, I can guarantee you that.
But I didn't do that,
because I'm a team player.
You know what?
That's my choice as a mother.
CHRISTI: So basically, your choice
as a mother is dance trumps all.
Just to be clear.
[laughs]
CHRISTI: Well--
- That's funny.
Why is that funny?
MELISSA: Because you know
Christi sneaks all the time.
- You said it.
KELLY: No. I'm saying I wouldn't do it.
MELISSA: Oh, OK.
CHRISTI: What do I sneak about?
MELISSA: What do you mean?
You talk to everybody.
Give me a break.
If you could sleep with Abby,
you would and you know it.
Oh, yeah.
Well, that's how you tend
to get ahead in life, Melissa.
Oh, yeah. I sleep with everybody.
You do-- boss.
I've never slept with my boss.
[laughs] Yes, you did.
You married him.
Yes, I married Greg after--
Yeah, after you slept with
him and had an affair
when he had a wife.
MELISSA: I did not.
- And you had a husband.
MELISSA: Guess what?
I didn't sleep with him,
and don't start with me again, Christi.
CHRISTI: You did.
- You know what? I'm--
I know. Storm out-- we love it.
MELISSA: Oh, I am storming
out, because this is not
being brought up. Screw you.
CHRISTI: I know.
- I did not sleep with my boss.
- All right. I'm quite fine with it.
- You want to play those games?
What's wrong?
JILL: She has to live with
the decision she made.
HOLLY: I'm like, that doesn't--
I'm not gonna sit up
here make this easy on her.
She didn't make it easy on
any of those six little girls.
She knew she had that coming.
So Melissa, why'd you break the pact?
My daughter wants to dance professionally,
so I have to take opportunities.
This pisses me off.
Why should I even be
in a pact with you guys
when you talk bad about my husband and me
and me having an affair, which I did not.
You-- Melissa, you seem really angry
at Christi. Like--
MELISSA: I was pissed that
she said that about my husband, because--
JEFF: Right.
- --that has nothing to do with dance.
And she doesn't have
any correct information.
- That's shows her character.
JEFF: A low blow.
MELISSA: That's a low blow.
- You should be upset.
MELISSA: I am.
- That shows her character.
You should be upset.
- It's a low blow.
And I think, you know what?
Leave my husband out of it.
JEFF: And speaking of betrayal,
it was not just Melissa.
Jill also angered the moms--
namely, Christi Lukasiak,
when she said she'd do the same.
Take a look at this.
[music playing]
I think both of you have seen
how well it works for Melissa
to do whatever Abby wants to keep
their kids in her good graces.
And I think that you both
are headed down that path.
HOLLY: Are you insane?
- No.
Absolutely not.
When we all agreed not to send
our kids to Abby's West Coast competition,
I said to all of you
on the phone, I was asked.
Here and now, I said no.
So I need all of you to guarantee,
if you're asked, you're gonna say no.
Abby did ask Kendall to go.
She didn't ask her to perform.
[music playing]
So I said no.
I'm not gonna go and not perform.
But if she would have
been asked to perform?
I can't say that.
Probably not.
CHRISTI: It's time for me
to kick this bitch out.
You need you see yourself to the door.
JILL: What?
HOLLY: Did you just say that?
Why do you want to be
divided all the time?
CHRISTI: I'm not divided all the time.
I didn't lay down the gauntlet.
What's the gauntlet thing?
Stop talking. I'm walking out.
Why? Don't tell me to stop talking.
- Don't leave.
CHRISTI: I'm done.
Jill?
JILL: Well, it speaks for itself.
If Kendall had the opportunity
to dance on Abby's
Ultimate Competition Show
and promote herself,
I probably would have sent her, yes.
Regardless of whatever a parent decides
to do for their child, you're a parent.
That's your decision.
The only thing is, just
be upfront and honest
and be a person of your word.
Your word means a tremendous amount to me.
We make decisions
as a group about a lot of things,
and there's a lot of times
that you do what you want to do--
Absolutely.
CHRISTI: --you do what
what you want to do,
you do what you want to do,
and it has nothing to do with what
I say to do, because--
I think that
there's a misconception out here
that I tell you all what to do.
We talk about these things all the time.
So far, we've talked about
Christi Kulasiak versus Leslie
and Abby versus Kelly.
So what's left?
Jill versus Kristie Ray, of course.
Let's take a look as these two
headstrong moms battled it out.
Asia's gonna work.
JILL: OK.
Let me get this straight to you.
Asia's gonna work and take jobs
and train whenever she can.
So if you have a problem with that--
I don't have a problem with that.
Well, obviously you do.
You just said, you weren't here.
So you have a problem with it.
If you're telling me that you--
You-- did you not hear me say--
I didn't hear you
because you're switching.
JILL: --I had a problem with
where she was on the pyramid?
KRISTIE: I know.
- I don't care where the [bleep] you were.
- Excuse me?
- Did you hear me?
Whoa, whoa!
Oh! Whoa!
Look at Jill drop the F-bomb.
You're screwed in the head.
No, you're a hot mess, because
now you're dropping F-bombs.
Well, OK.
I think you're a hot mess.
You only get mad when you're wrong.
Nope.
My favorite part is, whoa, whoa!
MELISSA: Well, "nope" is one
of our words that we use.
KRISTIE: Well, because I'm not allowed
to drop the F-bombs, so--
Well, we're not allowed to either, so--
Kristie, I've got--
I've got a question for Kristie.
Some fans consider Jill
to be a little bit pushy.
How do you describe her?
KRISTIE: My interaction with Jill
is always repeating myself.
I think she needs to concentrate
on Kendall
and not me and Asia
and she'll be less miserable.
JEFF: So Jill, why do you think
Kristie Ray bailed on the Dance Moms
just before the Nationals?
JILL: Oh, I know why.
She got a better offer.
KRISTIE: Mm-hmm. I did.
- She used our kids. She used Abby.
KRISTIE: Um, excuse me. Excuse me.
- Go ahead.
- Let me put it straight to you.
I am not using your kid,
and especially not your kid.
JILL: Not my kid-- the team.
- Asia-- OK.
JILL: Abby.
- I'm not using the team.
Guess what?
- You do.
KRISTIE: Asia's won seven times for Abby.
- Woo-hoo!!
KRISTIE: So get that straight
before you talk and run your mouth.
- OK.
- What she said. Yes.
JILL: OK. Yeah, I know.
I know how this is like a little team now.
LESLIE: Well, how did
Brooke get on the pyramid
when Payton danced and she
left the team to go cheer lead?
It's the same thing. I didn't say a word.
MELISSA: She was at the end. She was last.
Yeah.
Payton wasn't even on the pyramid,
and she danced with you guys that week.
- Because she's not a part of the team.
LESLIE: But you didn't think
anything was wrong with that, though.
- But Asia was training.
- But Asia was on the team.
See, when people call you women out--
- But Asia was training.
--on your delusional thoughts,
you have a problem with it.
JILL: It's not delusional.
It was a fact.
LESLIE: That you gave anybody
that comes onto this team--
any mom and child who is
here for the same reasons
that you are-- that you don't want it.
You really don't want
anybody else into your pack.
Next subject-- two moms
who didn't exactly see eye to eye
are Holly and Leslie.
Holly, you formed a strong
opinion about Leslie,
saying that she didn't fit in. All right.
Well, let's take a closer
look at Holly and Leslie's
very different parenting methods
and you can make your own decision.
LESLIE: You wouldn't like
me on this team anyway, though,
because I would
do everything for my kid.
[music playing]
I won't hurt your kids.
But if my child gets
an opportunity, I'm taking it.
HOLLY: We're not just raising dancers.
We're raising people.
No matter how much I want
Nia to succeed in life,
if she's not a good person,
then I have failed.
And that might be the reason
why Leslie doesn't quite fit in here.
Even Melissa and Jill,
the biggest Dance Moms around,
want more for their daughters
than stardom or fame.
I'd rather be who I am
and be not a success on Broadway,
because I can look myself in the mirror--
KELLY: Exactly, Holly.
- --for that dance on the stage.
LESLIE: When opportunity comes knocking,
you'd better take advantage of it.
- What kind of kid are you raising?
- I want my daughter to have this.
Shame on you.
So Leslie, what do you think
when you see that?
Do you think Holly's
parenting skills are soft?
No, I just think
it's taken out of context.
I think she doesn't understand me.
I will never be a mean person,
but I will lay it out on the line.
From the very beginning, Holly,
I am here for-- to get Payton ahead.
HOLLY: You shouldn't have
to compromise character
to get ahead and be successful.
There are values.
There's a moral fiber that as mothers,
we need to equip our daughters with.
I don't think any one of
these kids are ruthless.
I think the parents might be,
but it doesn't matter.
It doesn't matter.
- I don't think we're ruthless.
Who here is ruthless?
It matters what the child wants.
JEFF: All right. It's time for another
incredible dance number,
and it's an aptly-named one for
this "Hurricane Abby Reunion."
It's a solo by Maddie called "Drowning."
[cheers and applause]
[MUSIC - I AM NOT LEFTHANDED, "LIFELINES"]
(SINGING) So I know
that this might calm down
and I know I could sink and not drown.
But treading all night's getting
old and sunrise these days
leaves me cold.
I know I can turn this around.
'Cause when I cut your lifeline,
I started falling
so far,
I couldn't look back.
When I cut your lifeline,
you were calling so hard
and I couldn't shout back.
[cheers and applause]
JEFF: All right.
Great job, Maddie.
So I've just been backstage and I
understand that we've come to an agreement
to have Abby come back.
And Kelly, unfortunately,
I need to ask you to leave,
because that was
the agreement that we came to.
- OK.
- Can I go too?
JEFF: No, you may not.
We're gonna find out
Abby's side of the story,
but we would prefer that
you excuse yourself at this point.
JILL: OK.
- So thank you very much for coming.
[applause]
JEFF: Here she is. She's back--
- Hello!
Abby Lee Miller.
[music playing]
[cheers and applause]
Have a seat.
All right. So as you can see,
Abby's come back to join us.
I asked Kelly to leave so that
we could come back and hear
your side of the story, because
I know she upset you, you know,
when she was out here before.
- No.
She just is always the victim
and everybody is mean to her kids.
I love those two kids
like they were my own.
She has put this wedge in between us.
You have to put the work in.
JEFF: So you feel like you're still back
in the role of the teacher,
and she feels like you're being unfair.
Well, everyone whose kid's
not winning and not on top
always thinks I'm unfair.
JEFF: If we're all being honest here,
the moms have an issue with you
getting up and walking off the show.
Because they say that
you're always trying to tell the kids
that you have to do your job.
The show must go on.
There's a work ethic.
And you didn't show up to
two competitions this year,
and you just got up and
walked off your own show.
I know.
JEFF: Holly?
You're the leader of this
organization-- of this team.
You set the example
and the girls follow you.
Right, Holly.
So for you to walk off,
they think it's OK.
And that's because their leader
is walking or doesn't show up.
Well, you know what, Holly?
Every woman has a right to
change their mind, number one.
- I agree with that.
- And I've been doing this for 33 years.
Mm-hmm.
Let's say for 25 of those years,
I put my life on the back burner.
I put my aspirations aside
for other people's children.
HOLLY: Well,
without the explanation of why
you're walking off and doing those things,
they don't know the reason
why you're doing those things.
So give them a context, like
this is the reason why I walked off.
That's what they need to
hear from you because
you're their leader, so just to--
ABBY: OK, Holly.
I'll write it all down for Nia.
She'll get it.
JEFF: All right. On that note, we've been
teasing it throughout the episode
and it's finally time to reveal
the big news Abby has.
ABBY: My big news is this season,
we will be auditioning
nationwide for new members
of the Abby Lee Dance Company.
[applause]
We're taking it on tour.
We're gonna be in four huge cities
just to audition for
the new Abby's Ultimate Dance Competition.
And then we're also going to
be auditioning for members
of the Abby Lee Dance Company
Elite Competition Team.
So when we go to a city
to attend the competition,
I will be hosting an open call.
[applause]
That's great.
I think that's great.
JILL: When you-- do you
consider this team elite?
Are you talking about older children?
Or is--
ABBY: You remember back when
we were at Nationals
and Chloe had to leave with her mom
and Kendall got the solo.
She had this amazing breakthrough.
She was absolutely stunning
and gorgeous on stage,
and she knew it
when she was out there performing.
She was in her element.
Then she didn't show up for Booty Camp.
- She missed all the rehearsals--
- No.
ABBY: All the lessons--
she's right back at the bottom, Jill.
You screwed up big time.
JILL: OK. No, I didn't.
And I'm waiting for
someone to take her place.
I took a family vacation for five days.
ABBY: Yeah, but you picked
the wrong five days, sweetheart.
She had five days left of
summer because of all this.
Well, you know what?
JILL: I'm sorry, but she
wasn't the only one who missed.
JEFF: All right.
Well, this next performance is
one that's very special to us.
It's Brooke's national TV singing debut.
- Ooh!
Performing here
her new hit single, "I Hurt,"
put your hands together for Brooke.
[cheers and applause]
[MUSIC - BROOKE HYLAND, "I HURT"]
(SINGING) I keep moving,
going through the motions.
Step by step, doing what I'm told.
The lights are on me.
Everybody's watching, but nobody knows
who I am,
'cause I hurt.
Yeah, I hurt all over my body.
I dance, I just dance to get through.
Yeah, I hurt.
Yeah, it hurts all over my body.
But hurts most waiting for you,
waiting for you--
waiting for you.
I just keep dancing on,
dancing to different songs.
I just keep moving on,
even when you have gone, 'cause I hurt.
Yeah, I hurt all over my body.
I dance.
I just dance to get through.
Yeah, I hurt.
Yeah, it hurts all over my body.
But hurts most waiting
for you, waiting for you--
waiting for you.
I'm waiting for you--
just waiting for you,
just waiting for you.
[cheers and applause]
JEFF: Thank you, Brooke.
That was really beautiful. Great job.
And great job to Abby and the moms
and their talented daughters
for an incredibly rocky
but incredibly entertaining season.
Until next time, thank you
and thanks for watching.
[cheers and applause]
THEME SONG: Living on the dance floor.